Update the document structure to explicit the expected content-type (#1641)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/core_concepts/documents.md

#### JSON

Documents represented as JSON objects are key-value pairs enclosed by curly brackets. As such, [any rule that applies to formatting JSON objects](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_objects.asp) also applies to formatting Meilisearch documents. For example, **an attribute must be a string**, while **a value must be a valid [JSON data type](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_datatypes.asp)**.

> Meilisearch will expect JSON documents when it receive the `application/json` content-type header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Meilisearch will only accept JSON documents when it receives the `application/json` content-type header.
```

#### NDJSON

NDJSON or jsonlines objects consist of individual lines where each individual line is valid JSON text and each line is delimited with a newline character. Any [rules that apply to formatting NDJSON](http://ndjson.org/) also apply to Meilisearch documents.

> Meilisearch will expect NDJSON documents when it receive the `application/x-ndjson` content-type header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Meilisearch will only accept NDJSON documents when it receives the `application/x-ndjson` content-type header.
```

Compared to JSON, NDJSON has better writing performance and is less CPU and memory intensive. It is easier to validate and, unlike CSV, can handle nested structures.  

The above JSON document would look like this in NDJSON:

```json
{ "id": "1564saqw12ss", "title": "Kung Fu Panda", "genres": "Children's Animation", "release-year": 2008, "cast": [{ "Jack Black": "Po" }, { "Jackie Chan": "Monkey" }] }
```

#### CSV

CSV files express data as a sequence of values separated by a delimiter character. Currently, Meilisearch **only supports the comma (`,`) delimiter**. Any [rules that apply to formatting CSV](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4180) also apply to Meilisearch documents.

> Meilisearch will expect NDJSON documents when it receive the `text/csv` content-type header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Meilisearch will only accept NDJSON documents when it receives the `text/csv` content-type header.
```

#### NDJSON

NDJSON or jsonlines objects consist of individual lines where each individual line is valid JSON text and each line is delimited with a newline character. Any [rules that apply to formatting NDJSON](http://ndjson.org/) also apply to Meilisearch documents.

Meilisearch will only accept NDJSON documents when it receives the `application/x-ndjson` content-type header.

Compared to JSON, NDJSON has better writing performance and is less CPU and memory intensive. It is easier to validate and, unlike CSV, can handle nested structures.  

The above JSON document would look like this in NDJSON:

```json
{ "id": "1564saqw12ss", "title": "Kung Fu Panda", "genres": "Children's Animation", "release-year": 2008, "cast": [{ "Jack Black": "Po" }, { "Jackie Chan": "Monkey" }] }
```

#### CSV

CSV files express data as a sequence of values separated by a delimiter character. Currently, Meilisearch **only supports the comma (`,`) delimiter**. Any [rules that apply to formatting CSV](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4180) also apply to Meilisearch documents.

> Meilisearch will only accept NDJSON documents when it receives the `text/csv` content-type header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meilisearch will only accept CSV documents when it receives the `text/csv` content-type header.
```
